in part two of in cycles review of the
2015 Giro d'Italia we move on to stage
13 and indeed it did prove unlucky for
some a crash just outside the three
kilometer mark caused havoc for some of
the GC leaders but luck was with Fabio
as he came through unscathed but it was
Sacha modolo taking another win for
lampre-merida he just one side and then
the next I'm bringing up in the center
to each other I think that's going to
come through easy on the line but turn
together McCallum nails it right at the
very end haru's fortune gank in the
Millea rosa at a 19 second lead over
Contador heading into the individual
time trial another rainy day face the
riders for the 59.4 kilometer time trial
this was billed as a pivotal stage and
it did not disappoint team Sky's carry
anchor posting a remarkable time of one
hour 17 minutes 52 but the favorites
were still to come his teammate Richie
Porte didn't have the time part he was
hoping for seeing him slip further down
the GC
after losing Amalia Rosa yesterday
Contador showed no mercy in the wet
conditions Ricky catch him Mikhail
lander who started three minutes ahead
on the road the fab yarrow it was a day
to forget as he lost over two minutes to
his rival
stay 15 was the first true Alpine stage
165 kilometres from Madras speaker to
madonna di campiglio in the beautiful
dolomites a perfect day for climbers
with the three serious mountains the
paso de only the most challenging with
fourteen percent gradients finally the
mighty Madonna climb itself this was a
stage of cat and mouse and it was Aston
Ozma Carl anda who rode away in the
closing meters to secure victory going
into the final rest day alberto contador
maintained his lead with a two minute 35
advantage
so into the final week and stage 16 174
kilometers of climbing from Pinzolo to
Africa five climbs including the mighty
motorola just twelve point eight
kilometers long with maximum gradient
succeeding eighteen percent truly want
the toughest test in this euro but
overall leader Contador punctured on the
descent of the ax preço is 70 kilometers
remaining aster now broke the unwritten
rule of attacking this only served to
stir the hornet's nest inside of
Contador with his GC ambitions at stake
as he set off on a solo pursuit of
Lander annaroo Contador started the
motorola with a deficit of one minute
just over 12 kilometers later he was to
have turned that into a huge advantage
the relentless pace set by Contador was
too much for Fabio road and it left
landa to pursue a back-to-back victory
wisconsin squad khan was going to go
with it Lando makes his attack and I
think this might be emphatic with it
after all the effort but Contador's put
in we really need to stay with that this
is our row at the background it's about
what's going on up front million 50 now
because of Landers attack he's been
given the right to go for this and he is
going to and I'm afraid that Christ bike
is going backwards
he's smiling turning around the head but
at what cost to our room his teammate
that victory took Lander into second
place overall still over four minutes
behind Contador a ruler further 50
seconds back the 2015 euro proved to be
a renaissance for italian cycling and
spanked 17 was no different
lampre-merida had a plan and delivered
bringing the dolo perfectly to the line
for the second time let's get it upfront
by now just in the only go through with
it oh this is amazing my dollars or so
minutes and spread far and wide o laz
down the line what an absolutely super
piece of work while that frame arena
stage 18 was one for the classic
specialists with former world road race
champion Philip gilbere soloing on to
his second win on the zero for the
second time bubbles giro d'italia it
proved to be a good day to for Alberto
Contador extending his overall lead if
Aston are we're going to wrestle the
Millea Rosa from Contador's shoulders
they were running out of stages to do it
with seven point seven kilometers of the
stage remaining a roo threw caution to
the wind and attacks with over six
minutes the bridge it was only going to
be a gesture of pride
yes
to the cat
the penultimate day of the 90 80
d'Italia and Mishima coffee stage a 199
kilometer a pic that finished with the
climb of the colder finestra and the
summit finish intercessory air team
katusha is illness' akharin was the
first to hit the Strada bianchi on the
mighty cold the finestra but behind him
astana slander launched an attack which
Contador couldn't follow and the
champion elect look to the in difficulty
without a teammate insight Contador
rallied himself to limit his losses as
fabio Haru won the stage
this
contador came in 225 behind but it was
enough to secure the Melia Rosa a flat
stage into my lamb was the final chance
for the sprinters to taste glory but it
wasn't to be orica-greenedge is luke
durbridge and ethics quick steps Elio
Kaiser slipped away in the closing
kilometers and it was the wily Belgium
with the chasing pack closing rapidly
who jumped Durbridge to take the victory
but the day belong to alberto contador
as the races overall winner missoula
took the points Jersey visconti rode
away with the climbers jersey and the
courageous Fabio claimed the young
riders jersey